what's up guys this is f solution with a
new video showing you how to do this
little jump spot watch outside of the
map on strike zone now this is on the
kem strike map on strike zone only they
doesn't work on the normal map but it is
a really easy glitch to do once you're
on the kem strike map so basically once
you're on that you just need to go over
to this spot right here and all you're
gonna have to do is you have to jump
down on top of this little wooden peg
right here this little wooden board and
you kind of want to jump as far over as
you can to the left because if you just
jump straight as far as you can you can
just pretty much land on it and you just
kind of want to keep to the side next to
the wall and if you do that you won't
fall through or anything like that and
you actually can go a little bit off of
the the wooden board because I well show
that later in the video I think it's one
of the what last clips and I'll also
show a third person of what it looks
like there's not really much you can do
down here it's just kind of one of those
spots that's pretty cool to be in and
it's a pretty good hiding spot overall
but I might be doing a little giveaway
with a couple different like cars and
stuff like that I'm not quite sure yet
we'll see and also if you guys want to
see me do a modded lobby funny moments
I'm gonna start doing a couple of those
because you guys seem to like mod seen
seen the mods and stuff like that so i
think i'm going to start doing some
modded lobby running moments it on the
start doing some Marty gamertag trolling
here soon so stay tuned for that that
should come over the next couple weeks
or a month or something like that but
we'll see anyways guys I'd really
appreciate it if you guys could drop a
like on the video as always that really
helps me out and comment down below but
what you think about the switch but
anyways guys thank you for watching mfc
coaching and i'm out